Add CLI tool for easy push approval for administrators (#482)
finos/git-proxy: website/docs/quickstart/approve.mdx

Using the [cookie](/docs/quickstart/approve#2-authenticate-with-the-api) generated, execute a `GET` request to confirm that your push with `ID` exists in the database:

```bash

> curl -b ./git-proxy-cookie \

Reviewer: Why the removal of `-I`?

Author: -I returns header only and the implementation returns a ```{"message":"not found"}``` body too, which is not visible to the user if -I is added as parameter. Happy to revert :)

Reviewer: No problem, happy to keep 👍

  -X GET http://localhost:8080/api/v1/push/${ID}
```

> You should receive a `200 OK` in the response. Note: if given `ID` does not exist then you receive a `404 not found`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should receive a `200 OK` in the response. If `ID` does not exist you'll receive a `404` error.
```

Author: updated

remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 2 local objects.
```

## Using the CLI

### Prerequisites

- Proxy and REST API are running ([default behaviour](https://github.com/finos/git-proxy/blob/main/index.js))

> - The Git Proxy URL is configured via the GIT_PROXY_UI_URL environment variable (defaults to `http://localhost:8080`). Note: this documentation assumes that Git Proxy UI is running on `http://git-proxy.com:8080`.

Reviewer: Reflect the above point as well 👍

Author: done

- [Intercepting a push](/docs/quickstart/intercept) instructions have been followed and you've reached [Push via Git Proxy](/docs/quickstart/intercept#push-via-git-proxy)

### Instructions

#### 1. Find the tracking `ID`

Following on from [Push via Git Proxy](/docs/quickstart/intercept#push-via-git-proxy), you'll receive a unique URL:

```
http://localhost:8080/requests/0000000000000000000000000000000000000000__79b4d8953cbc324bcc1eb53d6412ff89666c241f
```

The `ID` for your push corresponds to the last part of the URL:

```
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000__79b4d8953cbc324bcc1eb53d6412ff89666c241f
```

#### 2. Authenticate with the CLI

Use the default & auto-generated Git Proxy username & password credentials to authenticate and obtain a cookie. The cookie value is saved to a file (`git-proxy-cookie`):

```bash
$ npx -- @finos/git-proxy-cli login --username admin --password admin

> Git-Proxy URL: http://git-proxy.com:8080

Reviewer: Is this the actual URL that will be displayed to the developer?

Author: leftover from previous commit, updated

Login 'admin': OK
```

#### 3. Approve the push with `ID`

Use the commit `ID` to approve your push with the CLI:

```bash
$ npx -- @finos/git-proxy-cli approve --commitId 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000__79b4d8953cbc324bcc1eb53d6412ff89666c241f

> Git-Proxy URL: http://git-proxy.com:8080

Reviewer: Is this the actual URL that will be displayed to the developer?

Author: leftover from previous commit, updated

Approve: ID: '0000000000000000000000000000000000000000__79b4d8953cbc324bcc1eb53d6412ff89666c241f': OK
```

#### 4. Re-push your code

Execute `git push` to send your approved code through Git Proxy to the upstream repository:

```bash
$ git push
Enumerating objects: 5, done.
Counting objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Delta compression using up to 10 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (3/3), 470 bytes | 470.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 3 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 2 local objects.
```

#### 5. Log out

Clean up your connect cookie via logging out:

```bash
$ npx -- @finos/git-proxy-cli logout

> Git-Proxy URL: http://git-proxy.com:8080

Reviewer: Is this the actual URL that will be displayed to the developer?

Author: leftover from previous commit, updated
